Probably later
The particles around the black hole aren't forming a spiral. This is probably because they are not interacting with each other
    Need to come up with a fast way for the particles to also exert gravity on each other. 
    Distance calculation would probably be the slowest thing    
Photon emission:
    X Emit photons from each particle
        N Photons in random directions 
        X Photons added to the particle system 
        A photon always travels at the same speed, the speed of light. From the point of view of the viewer
        that is emitting a photon, it will travel m/s and the same for a distant observer. This means that when
        the photon has travelled x metres, space will expand for the emitter and time will shorten. That means he will
        observe everything going fast forward
        X Photons collide with the viewing plane, set a permanent particle there
        Make all other particles invisible
        X Make units consistent
    Reverse photon emission
        Photon will now be emmitted by the camera. This is because my approach would need all photons to pass through
        a pin hole to get a clear image. That can't happen, it would take too long.
        Emit photons from the plate that pass through a particular point (the pin hole)
        For the desired resolution, shoot a photon from each pixel
        Put the photon in a particle system
        Don't need reflections
        Would probably need red-shift.
    A common structure for holding all particles/photons
        I don't have a common place where all the particles are being held. Instead they are in the particle system. This
        is unneccessary as only the particles that need to be processed by it should be there. I shouldn't have to share the
        particle system's inner structure to send the particles to the ray tracer.
Optimization:
    Only a snapshot of the black hole can be obtained by simulating nothing else but photons
    The speed of the simulation would have to be slowed down
    The picture that we get is very blurred since we are not using a pin hole camera but a giant
    plate that will not give us any  sharpness. Using a pinhole would mean rejecting almost all photons
    that are emitted.
Investigate:
    Simulation is unstable when particles get too close to the black hole. Why? If its just acceleration, a 2nd order method should suffice?

Velocity generation of particles. The velocities must be generated tangential to the position of the particles (w.r.t  to the blackhole)